[feat] Guide on Open Source for non-developers (#107)
OpenContributionsProject/opencontributionssite: src/pages/open source for non-developers.md

Reviewer: [Build] The file name shouldn't contain any spaces. I don't know how to preview this file locally if it does 😂. The standard already in this repo is to use `-`s, e.g. how `get-involved.md` is.

Reviewer: Hmm, looks like you made a _new_ file but didn't delete this _old_ file. You'll want to delete this old file.

Author: Oops I meant to say that on my other PR. Sorry @JoshuaKGoldberg

Reviewer: These both have this issue 😄

> # Open Source for Non-Developers

Reviewer: [Praise] I really like the headings! The flow of what -> why -> more-whys is a really good match here IMO. Yay! 🎉

Author: Thank you!

## What is Open Source?

> Open source is software containing source code that is freely modified and redistributed. Unlike products that contain proprietary code, open source code can be viewed by developers worldwide. It can also allows people to propose changes, which fosters a collaborative working environment.

Reviewer: [Proofreading]
* I think this is a technical correction? Something isn't necessarily open source if it's only _partially_ consisting of open source code.
* Freely modifiable isn't right - just because someone suggests a modification, doesn't mean it's going to be accepted. (Wikipedia is not the model we want people to think of)

```suggestion
Open source is software whose source code that can be freely viewed and redistributed. Unlike products that contain proprietary code, open source code can be viewed by developers worldwide. It can also allows people to propose changes, which fosters a collaborative working environment.
```

(fun fact, almost all proprietary code contains some open source dependencies!)

## Why do Products Become Open Source?

1. To interact with consumers: By making the designs and code open source, consumers have a more direct way to improve the products they enjoy, which in turn can save your company time and effort in creating troubleshooting guides.

> 2. To reach more demographics: Open source products tend to gain their following through social media, so this aspect of these tools can help increase brand awareness.

Reviewer: [Proofreading] I wouldn't say we _tend_ to be on social media. A lot of open source folks use different communication platforms (e.g. forums, IRC) or none at all.

Maybe something like this? I'm not super confident in the phrasing...

```suggestion
2. To reach more demographics: Open source products are often freely viewed by many consumers, which can help increase brand awareness.
```

> 3. To build loyalty and trust: Since open source products allows people to see the source code. This form transparency help to build trust between consumers and the product’s creators.

Reviewer: [Typo]

```suggestion
3. To build loyalty and trust: Since open source products allow people to see the source code, the transparency helps to build trust between consumers and the product’s creators.
```

[Praise] Really like these three points btw!

## Why do companies often choose to consume open source?

1. Innovation: Since open source software allows people to propose changes, it allows participation from a wide variety of contributions. This means more contributors can propose ideas and improve the project.
2. Cost-effective: Open source software is often free, which in turn helps companies save money. This is because the software is developed and maintained by a community of developers, rather than by a single company. This means that there is no need to pay for software licenses, which can be a significant expense for businesses.

> 3. Time-saving: Open source software can also help businesses to save time and resources. This is because the software is already developed and tested, so businesses do not need to spend time and money developing their own software. This can free up businesses to focus on their core business activities.

Reviewer: [Praise] These three are great, no notes! 💯

## Why do companies often choose to publish open source?

1. To build a community: The transparency of open source products allows companies various ways to promote their products ranging from blog posts about the products, tweets that spotlight members for their contributions to the product.

> 2. Increased security: Since open source communities tend to be large, bugs and tech issues can be fixed in a quick timeframe.   According to a [2021 survey done by Red Hat](https://www.redhat.com/en/resources/state-of-enterprise-open-source-report-2022), 89% of IT leaders at companies worldwide believed open source software was just as secure or more secure than proprietary software.

Reviewer: [Praise] Great link!!
